PACKAGES.md, before:

# Packages

| Name | Description | Version | Updated | Alternatives |
|----- |------------ |-------- |-------- |------------- |
| [atuin](https://atuin.sh) | Magical shell history | 18.3.0 | 2014-06-10 | mcfly, hishtory |
| [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat) | A cat(1) clone with wings. | 0.24.0 | 2023-10-11 | cat |
| [ble.sh](https://github.com/akinomyoga/ble.sh) | Bash Line Editor ― a line editor written in pure Bash with syntax highlighting, auto suggestions, vim modes, etc. for Bash interactive sessions. | 0.4.0-devel3 | 2023-04-03 |  |
| [bottom](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom) | Yet another cross-platform graphical process/system monitor. | 0.10.2 | 2024-08-06 | top, htop |
| [cmake](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake) | CMake, the cross-platform, open-source build system. | 3.30.2 | 2024-08-02 |  |
| [codon](https://github.com/exaloop/codon) | A high-performance, zero-overhead, extensible Python compiler using LLVM | 0.17.0 | 2024-08-24 |  |
| [ctop](https://github.com/bcicen/ctop) | Top-like interface for container metrics | 0.7.7 | 2022-03-22 |  |
| [curlie](https://github.com/rs/curlie) | The power of curl, the ease of use of httpie. | 1.7.2 | 2023-10-23 | httpie, xh |
| [dasel](https://github.com/TomWright/dasel) | Select, put and delete data from JSON, TOML, YAML, XML and CSV files with a single tool. Supports conversion between formats and can be used as a Go package. | 2.8.1 | 2024-06-30 |  |
| [delta](https://github.com/dandavison/delta) | A syntax-highlighting pager for git, diff, grep, and blame output | 0.18.1 | 2024-05-09 |  |
| [devbox](https://github.com/jetify-com/devbox) | Instant, easy, and predictable development environments | 0.12.0 | 2024-06-28 |  |
| [difftastic](https://github.com/Wilfred/difftastic) | a structural diff that understands syntax | 0.60.0 | 2024-08-01 | diff |
| [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) | unclutter your .profile | 2.34.0 | 2024-03-01 |  |
| [dive](https://github.com/wagoodman/dive) | A tool for exploring each layer in a docker image | 0.12.0 | 2024-02-02 |  |
| [doge](https://github.com/Dj-Codeman/doge) | Reviving A command-line DNS client. | 0.2.7 | 2024-05-08 | dig, dog |
| [doxygen](https://github.com/doxygen/doxygen) | Code Documentation. Automated. | 1.12.0 | 2024-08-07 |  |
| [duf](https://github.com/muesli/duf) | Disk Usage/Free Utility - a better 'df' alternative | 0.8.1 | 2024-02-08 | df |
| [dust](https://github.com/bootandy/dust) | A more intuitive version of du in rust | 1.1.1 | 2024-07-17 | du |
| [eza](https://github.com/eza-community/eza) | A modern alternative to ls | 0.19.0 | 2024-08-08 | ls, lsd |
| [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd) | A simple, fast and user-friendly alternative to 'find' | 10.2.0 | 2024-08-23 | find |
| [fq](https://github.com/wader/fq) | jq for binary formats - tool, language and decoders for working with binary and text formats | 0.12.0 | 2024-07-15 |  |
| [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf) | A command-line fuzzy finder | 0.54.3 | 2024-07-31 | skim |
| [gdu](https://github.com/dundee/gdu) | Fast disk usage analyzer with console interface written in Go | 5.29.0 | 2024-06-17 | du, dust, ncdu |
| [gitleaks](https://github.com/gitleaks/gitleaks) | Protect and discover secrets using Gitleaks | 8.18.4 | 2024-06-14 |  |
| [glow](https://github.com/charmbracelet/glow) | Render markdown on the CLI, with pizzazz! | 2.0.0 | 2024-08-23 |  |
| [gtrash](https://github.com/umlx5h/gtrash) | A Featureful Trash CLI manager: alternative to rm and trash-cli | 0.0.6 | 2024-07-01 | trash-cli, trashy |
| [helix](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix) | A post-modern modal text editor. | 24.07 | 2024-07-14 | vim, neovim |
| [hexyl](https://github.com/sharkdp/hexyl) | A command-line hex viewer | 0.14.0 | 2023-12-11 |  |
| [hyperfine](https://github.com/sharkdp/hyperfine) | A command-line benchmarking tool | 1.18.0 | 2023-10-05 |  |
| [jq](https://github.com/jqlang/jq) | Command-line JSON processor | 1.7.1 | 2023-12-13 |  |
| [just](https://github.com/casey/just) | Just a command runner | 1.34.0 | 2024-08-02 | make, dotree, task |
| [k9s](https://github.com/derailed/k9s) | Kubernetes CLI To Manage Your Clusters In Style! | 0.32.5 | 2024-06-15 |  |
| [kickstart](https://github.com/Keats/kickstart) | A scaffolding tool to get new projects up and running quickly | 0.4.0 | 2023-08-03 | cookiecutter, proji |
| [mcfly](https://github.com/cantino/mcfly) | Fly through your shell history. Great Scott! | 0.9.2 | 2024-08-12 | atuin, hishtory |
| [mold](https://github.com/rui314/mold) | Mold: A Modern Linker | 2.33.0 | 2024-08-07 | ld, lld, gold |
| [multi-git-status](https://github.com/fboender/multi-git-status/archive/refs/tags/2.2.tar.gz) | Show uncommitted, untracked and unpushed changes for multiple Git repos | 2.2 | 2022-06-11 |  |
| [navi](https://github.com/denisidoro/navi) | An interactive cheatsheet tool for the command-line | 2.23.0 | 2023-12-10 |  |
| [neovim](https://github.com/neovim/neovim) | Vim-fork focused on extensibility and usability | 0.10.1 | 2024-07-24 | vim, helix |
| [ninja](https://github.com/ninja-build/ninja) | a small build system with a focus on speed | 1.12.1 | 2024-05-11 | make, samurai |
| [powerline-go](https://github.com/justjanne/powerline-go) | A beautiful and useful low-latency prompt for your shell, written in go | 1.24 | 2023-05-25 | starship |
| [procs](https://github.com/dalance/procs) | A modern replacement for ps written in Rust | 0.14.6 | 2024-07-30 | ps |
| [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep) | ripgrep recursively searches directories for a regex pattern while respecting your gitignore | 14.1.0 | 2024-01-06 | grep |
| [runme](https://github.com/stateful/runme) | DevOps Workflows Built with Markdown | 3.6.1 | 2024-08-22 |  |
| [scc](https://github.com/boyter/scc) | Sloc, Cloc and Code: scc is a very fast accurate code counter with complexity calculations and COCOMO estimates written in pure Go | 3.3.5 | 2024-07-03 | sloc, tokei |
| [sd](https://github.com/chmln/sd) | Intuitive find & replace CLI (sed alternative) | 1.0.0 | 2023-11-08 | sed |
| [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck) | ShellCheck, a static analysis tool for shell scripts | 0.10.0 | 2024-03-08 |  |
| [sshs](https://github.com/quantumsheep/sshs) | Terminal user interface for SSH | 4.5.1 | 2024-08-15 |  |
| [starship](https://github.com/starship/starship) | The minimal, blazing-fast, and infinitely customizable prompt for any shell! | 1.20.1 | 2024-07-27 | powerline-go |
| [tailspin](https://github.com/bensadeh/tailspin) | A log file highlighter | 3.0.2 | 2024-08-17 |  |
| [task](https://github.com/go-task/task) | A task runner / simpler Make alternative written in Go | 3.38.0 | 2024-06-30 | make, dotree, just |
| [tealdeer](https://github.com/dbrgn/tealdeer) | A very fast implementation of tldr in Rust. | 1.6.1 | 2022-11-04 | tldr, tlrc |
| [termshark](https://github.com/gcla/termshark) | A terminal UI for tshark, inspired by Wireshark | 2.4.0 | 2022-07-12 |  |
| [tlrc](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tlrc) | A tldr client written in Rust | 1.9.3 | 2024-07-29 | tldr, tealdeer |
| [tokei](https://github.com/XAMPPRocky/tokei) | Count your code, quickly. | 12.1.2 | 2021-01-12 | sloc, scc |
| [trashy](https://github.com/oberblastmeister/trashy) | a cli system trash manager, alternative to rm and trash-cli | 2.0.0 | 2022-09-30 | trash-cli, gtrash |
| [up](https://github.com/akavel/up) | Ultimate Plumber is a tool for writing Linux pipes with instant live preview | 0.4 | 2020-10-29 |  |
| [upt](https://github.com/sigoden/upt) | Universal Package-management Tool for any OS. | 0.8.0 | 2024-05-27 |  |
| [usql](https://github.com/xo/usql) | Universal command-line interface for SQL databases | 0.19.3 | 2024-06-10 |  |
| [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) | An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust. | 0.3.3 | 2024-08-24 | pip, pdm, poetry, rye |
| [vhs](https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs) | Your CLI home video recorder | 0.7.2 | 2024-04-15 |  |
| [xh](https://github.com/ducaale/xh) | Friendly and fast tool for sending HTTP requests | 0.22.2 | 2024-07-09 | httpie, curlie |
| [xq](https://github.com/sibprogrammer/xq) | Command-line XML and HTML beautifier and content extractor | 1.2.4 | 2024-01-18 |  |
| [yazi](https://github.com/sxyazi/yazi) | Blazing fast terminal file manager written in Rust, based on async I/O. | 0.3.1 | 2024-08-15 | ranger |
| [yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) | yq is a portable command-line YAML, JSON, XML, CSV, TOML and properties processor | 4.44.3 | 2024-08-05 |  |
| [zellij](https://github.com/zellij-org/zellij) | Blazing fast terminal file manager written in Rust, based on async I/O. | 0.40.1 | 2024-05-02 | tmux |
| [zoxide](https://github.com/ajeetdsouza/zoxide) | A smarter cd command. Supports all major shells. | 0.9.4 | 2024-02-21 |  |
| [zsh-autosuggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions/archive/refs/tags/v0.7.0.tar.gz) | Fish-like autosuggestions for zsh | 0.7.0 | 2021-06-05 |  |
| [zsh-command-not-found](https://github.com/Freed-Wu/zsh-command-not-found/archive/refs/heads/main.tar.gz) | This plugin uses the command-not-found package for zsh to provide suggested packages to be installed if a command cannot be found. | main | 2022-09-05 |  |
| [zsh-completions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions/archive/refs/tags/0.35.0.tar.gz) | Additional completion definitions for Zsh. | 0.35.0 | 2023-08-30 |  |
| [zsh-fzf-tab](https://github.com/Aloxaf/fzf-tab/archive/refs/tags/v1.1.2.tar.gz) | Replace zsh's default completion selection menu with fzf! | 1.1.2 | 2024-05-10 |  |
| [zsh-history-substring-search](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search/archive/refs/tags/v1.1.0.tar.gz) | ZSH port of Fish history search (up arrow) | 1.1.0 | 2023-07-28 |  |
| [zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting/archive/refs/tags/0.8.0.tar.gz) | Fish shell like syntax highlighting for Zsh. | 0.8.0 | 2023-12-18 |  |
| [zsh-you-should-use](https://github.com/MichaelAquilina/zsh-you-should-use/archive/refs/tags/1.8.0.tar.gz) | ZSH plugin that reminds you to use existing aliases for commands you just typed | 1.8.0 | 2024-06-12 |  |

_last updated: 2024-08-25 13:00:44 (utc)_

Commit message:

packages: new ...
* bytehound 0.11.0
* dotree 0.8.2
* envio 0.5.1
* ollama 0.3.6
* rustcat 3.0.0
* syft 1.11.1
* teller 2.0.7

PACKAGES.md, after:

# Packages

| Name | Description | Version | Updated | Alternatives |
|----- |------------ |-------- |-------- |------------- |
| [atuin](https://atuin.sh) | Magical shell history | 18.3.0 | 2014-06-10 | mcfly, hishtory |
| [bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat) | A cat(1) clone with wings. | 0.24.0 | 2023-10-11 | cat |
| [ble.sh](https://github.com/akinomyoga/ble.sh) | Bash Line Editor ― a line editor written in pure Bash with syntax highlighting, auto suggestions, vim modes, etc. for Bash interactive sessions. | 0.4.0-devel3 | 2023-04-03 |  |
| [bottom](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom) | Yet another cross-platform graphical process/system monitor. | 0.10.2 | 2024-08-06 | top, htop |
| [bytehound](https://github.com/koute/bytehound) | A memory profiler for Linux. | 0.11.0 | 2022-11-23 |  |
| [cmake](https://github.com/Kitware/CMake) | CMake, the cross-platform, open-source build system. | 3.30.2 | 2024-08-02 |  |
| [codon](https://github.com/exaloop/codon) | A high-performance, zero-overhead, extensible Python compiler using LLVM | 0.17.0 | 2024-08-24 |  |
| [ctop](https://github.com/bcicen/ctop) | Top-like interface for container metrics | 0.7.7 | 2022-03-22 |  |
| [curlie](https://github.com/rs/curlie) | The power of curl, the ease of use of httpie. | 1.7.2 | 2023-10-23 | httpie, xh |
| [dasel](https://github.com/TomWright/dasel) | Select, put and delete data from JSON, TOML, YAML, XML and CSV files with a single tool. Supports conversion between formats and can be used as a Go package. | 2.8.1 | 2024-06-30 |  |
| [delta](https://github.com/dandavison/delta) | A syntax-highlighting pager for git, diff, grep, and blame output | 0.18.1 | 2024-05-09 |  |
| [devbox](https://github.com/jetify-com/devbox) | Instant, easy, and predictable development environments | 0.12.0 | 2024-06-28 |  |
| [difftastic](https://github.com/Wilfred/difftastic) | a structural diff that understands syntax | 0.60.0 | 2024-08-01 | diff |
| [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) | unclutter your .profile | 2.34.0 | 2024-03-01 |  |
| [dive](https://github.com/wagoodman/dive) | A tool for exploring each layer in a docker image | 0.12.0 | 2024-02-02 |  |
| [doge](https://github.com/Dj-Codeman/doge) | Reviving A command-line DNS client. | 0.2.7 | 2024-05-08 | dig, dog |
| [dotree](https://github.com/KnorrFG/dotree) | A small, interactive command runner | 0.8.2 | 2023-11-26 |  |
| [doxygen](https://github.com/doxygen/doxygen) | Code Documentation. Automated. | 1.12.0 | 2024-08-07 |  |
| [duf](https://github.com/muesli/duf) | Disk Usage/Free Utility - a better 'df' alternative | 0.8.1 | 2024-02-08 | df |
| [dust](https://github.com/bootandy/dust) | A more intuitive version of du in rust | 1.1.1 | 2024-07-17 | du |
| [envio](https://github.com/envio-cli/envio) | Envio is a modern and secure command-line tool that simplifies the management of environment variables | 0.5.1 | 2024-02-17 |  |
| [eza](https://github.com/eza-community/eza) | A modern alternative to ls | 0.19.0 | 2024-08-08 | ls, lsd |
| [fd](https://github.com/sharkdp/fd) | A simple, fast and user-friendly alternative to 'find' | 10.2.0 | 2024-08-23 | find |
| [fq](https://github.com/wader/fq) | jq for binary formats - tool, language and decoders for working with binary and text formats | 0.12.0 | 2024-07-15 |  |
| [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf) | A command-line fuzzy finder | 0.54.3 | 2024-07-31 | skim |
| [gdu](https://github.com/dundee/gdu) | Fast disk usage analyzer with console interface written in Go | 5.29.0 | 2024-06-17 | du, dust, ncdu |
| [gitleaks](https://github.com/gitleaks/gitleaks) | Protect and discover secrets using Gitleaks | 8.18.4 | 2024-06-14 |  |
| [glow](https://github.com/charmbracelet/glow) | Render markdown on the CLI, with pizzazz! | 2.0.0 | 2024-08-23 |  |
| [grype](https://github.com/anchore/grype) | A vulnerability scanner for container images and filesystems | 0.80.0 | 2024-08-24 |  |
| [gtrash](https://github.com/umlx5h/gtrash) | A Featureful Trash CLI manager: alternative to rm and trash-cli | 0.0.6 | 2024-07-01 | trash-cli, trashy |
| [helix](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix) | A post-modern modal text editor. | 24.07 | 2024-07-14 | vim, neovim |
| [hexyl](https://github.com/sharkdp/hexyl) | A command-line hex viewer | 0.14.0 | 2023-12-11 |  |
| [hyperfine](https://github.com/sharkdp/hyperfine) | A command-line benchmarking tool | 1.18.0 | 2023-10-05 |  |
| [jq](https://github.com/jqlang/jq) | Command-line JSON processor | 1.7.1 | 2023-12-13 |  |
| [just](https://github.com/casey/just) | Just a command runner | 1.34.0 | 2024-08-02 | make, dotree, task |
| [k9s](https://github.com/derailed/k9s) | Kubernetes CLI To Manage Your Clusters In Style! | 0.32.5 | 2024-06-15 |  |
| [kickstart](https://github.com/Keats/kickstart) | A scaffolding tool to get new projects up and running quickly | 0.4.0 | 2023-08-03 | cookiecutter, proji |
| [mcfly](https://github.com/cantino/mcfly) | Fly through your shell history. Great Scott! | 0.9.2 | 2024-08-12 | atuin, hishtory |
| [mold](https://github.com/rui314/mold) | Mold: A Modern Linker | 2.33.0 | 2024-08-07 | ld, lld, gold |
| [multi-git-status](https://github.com/fboender/multi-git-status/archive/refs/tags/2.2.tar.gz) | Show uncommitted, untracked and unpushed changes for multiple Git repos | 2.2 | 2022-06-11 |  |
| [navi](https://github.com/denisidoro/navi) | An interactive cheatsheet tool for the command-line | 2.23.0 | 2023-12-10 |  |
| [neovim](https://github.com/neovim/neovim) | Vim-fork focused on extensibility and usability | 0.10.1 | 2024-07-24 | vim, helix |
| [ninja](https://github.com/ninja-build/ninja) | a small build system with a focus on speed | 1.12.1 | 2024-05-11 | make, samurai |
| [ollama](https://github.com/ollama/ollama) | Get up and running with Llama 3.1, Mistral, Gemma 2, and other large language models. | 0.3.6 | 2024-08-13 |  |
| [powerline-go](https://github.com/justjanne/powerline-go) | A beautiful and useful low-latency prompt for your shell, written in go | 1.24 | 2023-05-25 | starship |
| [procs](https://github.com/dalance/procs) | A modern replacement for ps written in Rust | 0.14.6 | 2024-07-30 | ps |
| [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep) | ripgrep recursively searches directories for a regex pattern while respecting your gitignore | 14.1.0 | 2024-01-06 | grep |
| [runme](https://github.com/stateful/runme) | DevOps Workflows Built with Markdown | 3.6.1 | 2024-08-22 |  |
| [rustcat](https://github.com/quantumsheep/sshs) | Rustcat(rcat) - The modern Port listener and Reverse shell | 3.0.0 | 2022-08-15 |  |
| [scc](https://github.com/boyter/scc) | Sloc, Cloc and Code: scc is a very fast accurate code counter with complexity calculations and COCOMO estimates written in pure Go | 3.3.5 | 2024-07-03 | sloc, tokei |
| [sd](https://github.com/chmln/sd) | Intuitive find & replace CLI (sed alternative) | 1.0.0 | 2023-11-08 | sed |
| [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck) | ShellCheck, a static analysis tool for shell scripts | 0.10.0 | 2024-03-08 |  |
| [sshs](https://github.com/quantumsheep/sshs) | Terminal user interface for SSH | 4.5.1 | 2024-08-15 |  |
| [starship](https://github.com/starship/starship) | The minimal, blazing-fast, and infinitely customizable prompt for any shell! | 1.20.1 | 2024-07-27 | powerline-go |
| [syft](https://github.com/anchore/syft) | CLI tool and library for generating a Software Bill of Materials from container images and filesystems | 1.11.1 | 2024-08-20 |  |
| [tailspin](https://github.com/bensadeh/tailspin) | A log file highlighter | 3.0.2 | 2024-08-17 |  |
| [task](https://github.com/go-task/task) | A task runner / simpler Make alternative written in Go | 3.38.0 | 2024-06-30 | make, dotree, just |
| [tealdeer](https://github.com/dbrgn/tealdeer) | A very fast implementation of tldr in Rust. | 1.6.1 | 2022-11-04 | tldr, tlrc |
| [teller](https://github.com/tellerops/teller) | Cloud native secrets management for developers - never leave your command line for secrets. | 2.0.7 | 2024-05-20 |  |
| [termshark](https://github.com/gcla/termshark) | A terminal UI for tshark, inspired by Wireshark | 2.4.0 | 2022-07-12 |  |
| [tlrc](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tlrc) | A tldr client written in Rust | 1.9.3 | 2024-07-29 | tldr, tealdeer |
| [tokei](https://github.com/XAMPPRocky/tokei) | Count your code, quickly. | 12.1.2 | 2021-01-12 | sloc, scc |
| [trashy](https://github.com/oberblastmeister/trashy) | a cli system trash manager, alternative to rm and trash-cli | 2.0.0 | 2022-09-30 | trash-cli, gtrash |
| [up](https://github.com/akavel/up) | Ultimate Plumber is a tool for writing Linux pipes with instant live preview | 0.4 | 2020-10-29 |  |
| [upt](https://github.com/sigoden/upt) | Universal Package-management Tool for any OS. | 0.8.0 | 2024-05-27 |  |
| [usql](https://github.com/xo/usql) | Universal command-line interface for SQL databases | 0.19.3 | 2024-06-10 |  |
| [uv](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) | An extremely fast Python package and project manager, written in Rust. | 0.3.3 | 2024-08-24 | pip, pdm, poetry, rye |
| [vhs](https://github.com/charmbracelet/vhs) | Your CLI home video recorder | 0.7.2 | 2024-04-15 |  |
| [xh](https://github.com/ducaale/xh) | Friendly and fast tool for sending HTTP requests | 0.22.2 | 2024-07-09 | httpie, curlie |
| [xq](https://github.com/sibprogrammer/xq) | Command-line XML and HTML beautifier and content extractor | 1.2.4 | 2024-01-18 |  |
| [yazi](https://github.com/sxyazi/yazi) | Blazing fast terminal file manager written in Rust, based on async I/O. | 0.3.1 | 2024-08-15 | ranger |
| [yq](https://github.com/mikefarah/yq) | yq is a portable command-line YAML, JSON, XML, CSV, TOML and properties processor | 4.44.3 | 2024-08-05 |  |
| [zellij](https://github.com/zellij-org/zellij) | Blazing fast terminal file manager written in Rust, based on async I/O. | 0.40.1 | 2024-05-02 | tmux |
| [zoxide](https://github.com/ajeetdsouza/zoxide) | A smarter cd command. Supports all major shells. | 0.9.4 | 2024-02-21 |  |
| [zsh-autosuggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions/archive/refs/tags/v0.7.0.tar.gz) | Fish-like autosuggestions for zsh | 0.7.0 | 2021-06-05 |  |
| [zsh-command-not-found](https://github.com/Freed-Wu/zsh-command-not-found/archive/refs/heads/main.tar.gz) | This plugin uses the command-not-found package for zsh to provide suggested packages to be installed if a command cannot be found. | main | 2022-09-05 |  |
| [zsh-completions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-completions/archive/refs/tags/0.35.0.tar.gz) | Additional completion definitions for Zsh. | 0.35.0 | 2023-08-30 |  |
| [zsh-fzf-tab](https://github.com/Aloxaf/fzf-tab/archive/refs/tags/v1.1.2.tar.gz) | Replace zsh's default completion selection menu with fzf! | 1.1.2 | 2024-05-10 |  |
| [zsh-history-substring-search](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-history-substring-search/archive/refs/tags/v1.1.0.tar.gz) | ZSH port of Fish history search (up arrow) | 1.1.0 | 2023-07-28 |  |
| [zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting/archive/refs/tags/0.8.0.tar.gz) | Fish shell like syntax highlighting for Zsh. | 0.8.0 | 2023-12-18 |  |
| [zsh-you-should-use](https://github.com/MichaelAquilina/zsh-you-should-use/archive/refs/tags/1.8.0.tar.gz) | ZSH plugin that reminds you to use existing aliases for commands you just typed | 1.8.0 | 2024-06-12 |  |

_last updated: 2024-08-25 20:02:30 (utc)_
